Now an interesting question will be the following;
if I change this to Max and this to 27 and then I'll log out if another person is equal to person and
they do have the exact same fields and so on,
what would you expect to happen?
We get false.
Well maybe it's because we used new object here,
so what if I simply copy this person here, name it person1 and I'll quickly check if person1 is equal
to person, so
now it's exactly the same notation, it looks exactly the same,
we should get true I think.
So let's see, we still get false, that we're using reference types here. We're creating a new object here
and we store this in memory and we get back a pointer pointing to this object.
Here, we also create a value, an object and we store this in memory too.
It's not the same storage place as this one, since a new object was created.
We know that it is exactly the same but Javascript doesn't
and it's good that it doesn't because imagine we were to add a field here to this object. All of a sudden,
it wouldn't be the same anymore and we would change this object too even though it has no relation to it
.
So it's a good thing that we have two different places in memory to store it.
So therefore, we have two different places in memory and we get two different pointers pointing to different
places in memory
and therefore if we compare both objects, we're actually comparing the pointers here,
right.
Because remember that for reference types, we only store the pointer in the variable, not the value itself
and the pointers point to different locations and therefore, they are not equal
which is why we get false.
So I hope this is clear, how objects are reference types and how that influences what the variables
actually hold.